Add all contributors table (#11)
fsoco/fsoco-dataset: tools/CONTRIBUTING.md

For those more visually inclined:

![FSOCO GitHub Flow](https://fsoco.github.io/fsoco-dataset/assets/img/tools/FSOCO_branching.svg)

#### <a name="all_contributors"></a> Contributor Status Attribution
After contributing to the project, if you wish to be added as a contributor, follow these steps:
1. Mention All-Contributors bot in a comment in the issue your PR is linked to and state your contribution (see commands in table below)
1. In the PR created by the bot, reference the issue your contribution PR solved

> 1. Address requests by reviewer, if anything's unclear 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Address requests by reviewer, if anything is unclear 
```

> 1. Address requests by reviewer, if anything's unclear 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Address requests by reviewer, if anything is unclear 
```

Author: Right, I'll try to keep the writing style wrt to abbreviations in mind for the next time

| Contribution Type | Emoji | Bot command                                                      |
|-------------------|-------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Bug-Fix           | 🐛     | @all-contributors  please add  @your_user_name for bug-fix       |
| Documentation     | 📖     | @all-contributors  please add  @your_user_name for documentation |
| Tools             | 🔧     | @all-contributors  please add  @your_user_name for tools         |

> See the [All-Contributors project page](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/overview), if you're interested in how the bot works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [All-Contributors project page](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/overview), if you are interested in how the bot works.
```
